* Functional Requirements

1.)The system will be accesible for the registered users and admin.
2.)The system will provide the role wise dashboard navigation.
3.)The user will be accessible for viewing their personal data.
4.)The admin will be accesible for viewing the business data.

-> USER


* Non Functional Requirements
Security
Only Admin or owner of the E-Agro Services will see all records.
Only Admin should be able to modify their own personal details.
Farmer can log in with their user ID and password. Admin and farmers can access their details.
No user can access other users' details except admin.
System will provide access to the content, operations using Role-based security (Authorization) (Permissions based on Role).
Reliability
The system will back up user data regularly and recover it in a short time to keep the system operational.
Continuous updates are maintained through email, and continuous administration is done to keep contact with users.
During peak hours, the system will maintain the same user experience by managing load balancing.
Availability
Uptime: 24*7 available, 99.999%
Maintainability
A commercial database software will be used to maintain system data persistence.
A web server will be installed to host online E-agro (Web Application) to manage server capabilities.
IT operations team will easily monitor and configure the system using administrative tools provided by servers.
Separate environments will be maintained for the system for isolation in production, testing, and development.
Portability
The system will provide a portable User Interface (HTML, CSS, Angular) through which users will access the web application.
The system can be deployed to a single server, multi-server, to any OS, Cloud (Azure or AWS or GCP).
Accessibility
Only registered users will be able to log in after authentication.
Durability
The system will maintain users' details.
The system will implement backup and recovery for retaining users' data and their business data over time.
The system will use cache for faster data retrieval and improved performance.
Efficiency
During peak hours, the system will maintain the same user experience by managing load balancing.
The system will be able to manage all transactions in isolation.
Modularity
The system will be designed and developed using reusable, independent or dependent business scenarios in the form of modules.
These modules will be loosely coupled and highly cohesive.
The system will contain CRM, Billing, membership, and Roles management modules.
Scalability
The system will provide a consistent user experience to users irrespective of load.
Safety
The users' login page will be secure from malicious attacks and phishing.
Separate environments will be maintained for the system for isolation in production, testing, and development.

